# Software PWM
For this lab activity, rather then using the built in PWM on the Dev boards, a software PWM was built.  This PWM controlled the brightness of an LED on the Dev Boards with the duty cycle incrementing by 10% each time the button was pressed.  Once the duty cycle equals 100%, with the next button press, the duty cycle would go back to 0%. To signify the button being pressed, the other LED would flash for testing purposes.

## Step by Step Process
First, the watchdog timer was stopped and all the proper parameters where set (both LEDs were set to the output direction, the button was set to the input direction, the button interrupt was enabled and set to the falling edge, and the resistor on P1.3 was enabled and set to pull up). Next the total period for the PWM was set using CCR0.  Since the program required the duty cycle to be 50% initially, CCR1 (which controls the duty cycle) was set to half of CCR0.  After this, the capture/control interrupt was enabled, the clock controlling CCR0 and CCR1 was instantiated and global interrupts were enabled.  With all of these intial conditions out of the way, the inerrupt modules were created.  The first module was the button based interrupt. In this function it toggled the Red LED (not controlled by the PWM) on and off while the button was pressed an released.  This interrupt also had an if else statement stating that if CCR1 (duty cycle) was in the proper bounds, it was by incremented by 10%.  If it was outside (meaning it was at 100% duty cycle) it was reset back to 0 on the next interrupt trigger (button press). Lastly the interrupt flags were cleared.  The last part of the lab was the Timer interrupt which acted as a PWM.  For this, a switch statement was created with the interrupt vector for the timer.  In this switch statement, only two cases matter (case 2 and 10).  These statements controlled what should happen when the CCR1 is off (in the period) and on, respectively.   
